Changelog: add search results type tabs (#5608)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- A toggle button for browser extension to quickly enable/disable the core functionality without actually enable/disable the entire extension in the browser extension manager.

> - Tabs that toggle the different search result types on the search results page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tabs to easily toggle between the different search result types on the search results page.
```
